
Company information
We are an active agency since 2007 that opened our website to our clients, our mission has always been to offer unforgettable experiences to our travelers and we can say with total certainty that we have achieved it! We move with a national reach, all over Argentina Those who contact us seek a quality service and guarantee that, being specialists in our destinations, we know how to advise the traveler in the best way to provide the service most adapted to their needs; like artisanal tailors, we designed the tour in a fully personalized way.


What do the services include
Our services include the trip to the destination on the microbus, with round trip or return depending on the service, At this time we do not organize guided tours Packages also include many tips on places to visit and see, special beaches or where to eat outside, the mass circuits VAT, taxes and our management expenses are also always included in our packages.


Request Travel
The trips are requested through the contact form, we verify availability and send by email a first travel proposal After a few days of perfecting this proposal based on your wishes, if you decide to go ahead with the reservations, we send by email the link to the booking data form and formal acceptance of the contract conditions Received acceptance we will proceed with the reservations of the services and we will send you the invoice and the account number of the agency where to make the 30% deposit for reservation 70% is paid 45 days before departure At reservation and final payment we send you all the documents and vouchers of the trip that you must print and take with you.

what data do you need
The data we need are, company name, autonomous or natural person, postal address, CIF for companies or NIF for self-employed or natural persons.


Reservation
It is advisable to book at least 4-5 weeks in advance, however, everything depends on the destination chosen, the distance and the availability of the services to be hired.


Annulments
To cancel the trip you will have the possibility to do so by taking out insurance They will also be asked for some justifications, consult on the cancellation policy Cancellation costs will depend on the type of travel.


Minors
Children under 3 years old do not pay for travel tickets.

Capacity
We have buses and microbuses of 16, 55, 60, 64 places, fully equipped and with all security measures.


Disability
Yes, we have vehicles adapted for people with reduced mobility Please tell us when requesting a quote or hiring the service and we will make available one of our vehicles adapted for people with reduced mobility.


Consume in the minubus
You can't smoke or eat in microbus, Water may be drunk as long as the containers are not made of glass and can be closed with a threaded stopper to prevent spills, Remember that it is important to get the collaboration of all to keep the interior of the vehicles clean.


Cancellation Policy
5% of the total journey if it occurs with more than 10 days before departure, 15% between 10 and 3 days before and 25% in the previous 48hs If the customer does not show up for departure, the cancellation costs would be 100%.

Contact
Of course yes, although the proposals are always sent by email, having a telephone contact is the most practical way to clear up doubts before we start our booking process.

What do I do if I lose my ticket
In case of loss or loss of the ticket, if I buy it from an agency you must communicate as early as possible with the company, ticket store or agency where you purchased it to follow its instructions on how to act, if you bought it on the company's website you can reprint it or travel with the image on the cell phone.

Number of Bags Allowed
Passengers may carry a total baggage weight of fifteen (15) kilograms per person in the hold, On the other hand the passenger will be allowed a total baggage weight of five (5) kilograms per person of hand baggage, Any passenger who exceeds the detailed weight must pay a difference for the weight or pay for the luggage dispatch by means of an order, The baggage must be labelled with the corresponding marbete, the company is not responsible for unmarked baggage.

Traveling with Pets
Non-sighted persons can travel with their guide dog by processing the identification credential of the animal before the Secretariat of Transport, Outside of this situation, currently, by law it is forbidden the transfer of animals, either in the passenger cabin, hold, cage, sedated, etc, The penalty for this action is specified in article 100 of decree 1395-98 of the Secretariat of Transport.

Discount Retirees
We would love to make your life easier and that you can access your pensioner benefits by buying online, but for the moment, it is impossible to connect to Anses in order to make the relevant queries and validation of information, To access discounts for retirees, you must show up at the boleteria of the chosen company, with your ANSES card to access the benefit.
